“I’ve just counted them: four different ways to read a book or newspaper article digitally in my house. I appreciate all these glowing screens, yet I hanker for the printed word, for the smell of a book and the sound of turning pages.”Sarah Franklin, in her article for The Guardian, [*Try your hand at using an antique printing press*](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2014/oct/10/try-your-hand-at-using-an-antique-printing-press), identifies a sentiment likely shared by a great many people of the present age.  This is in no way to disparage the gifts of modernity; having, say, a Kindle would make a long flight bearable without the inconvenience of occupying precious luggage space with a whole library, and it would likely also help my posture by making my backpack significantly lighter.  However, words being hidden behind a glass pane can rob readers of the warm and familiar experience of holding and physically navigating a ‘real’ book.  In class, Professor Cordell demonstrated the fact that one cannot easily "cuddle up" with enormous codices, but even these affordances of modernity, small and managable as they may be, similarly rob us of the intimacy of a physical book (albeit perhaps not physical books of *all* sizes).

"Technologies of Text" has exposed me to this type of intimacy in ways I had not experienced prior to taking the course.  I had seen ancient texts hidden behind panels in museums and in the libraries of prestigious institutions such as Harvard and Juilliard, protected from the oils of one's skin and the mismanagement of a layman.  I had not, however, had the opportunity to hold a book even older than my knowledge of my own family's history.  To draw from an earlier field book entry, the experience of holding a centuries-old prayer book can only be described as one of reverence - one beyond intimacy.On February 16th, I experienced a new type of intimacy with text.  Where the aforementioned experience was driven by the antiquity of the text, this one was driven by precisely the opposite: its very genesis.  For our printing lab, I suggested (and my partner agreed) to print parts of the recently-deceased John Perry Barlow's [25 Principles for Adult Behavior](http://www.openculture.com/2018/02/the-25-principles-for-adult-behavior.html) (an excellent list for those unfamiliar with it).  The process of assembling the actual type was interesting from a historical perspective, as it were, but this act alone didn't really yield much intimacy.  My partner and I selected a font that looked nice, and paired it with some image blocks we considered to be pertinent to the text, but, again, the tedium (sorry) of assembling the pieces didn't offer an intimate relationship with the text itself.  

Upon inking the type and printing our "postcards," however, I *did* feel a unique sort of intimacy with the text.  Seeing what our choice of font, our images, our dividers really looked like made me see the text in a new light.  The closest comparison in my life comes from my experience directing my high school's acapella group.  I would work on arrangements for weeks, only getting to imagine what they would sound like in reality.  Hearing the amalgamated parts sung for the first time was always a surprise - my arrangements always seemed to take on a new life.  Such was the case with my print; I had already seen the text, but, upon printing it, I still got to see it for the first time.  For the first time, I had *printed*, and, by Jove, I've got to say it came out pretty cool!